Feature flags parsing (#3513)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/config-blocks-and-attributes.md

The `engine` block is used to configure experimental Terragrunt engine configuration.
More details in [engine section](https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/features/engine/).

### feature

> The `feature` block is used to configure feature flags in HCL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `feature` block is used to configure feature flags in HCL for a particular Terragrunt Unit.
```

> Feature flag have default value and can be set through CLI or environment variable..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flags can have default values and they can be set through a CLI flag (`--feature`) or an environment variable (`TG_FLAG`).
```

> ```hcl

Reviewer: You didn't close this code fence.
